Relax the requirement that all Standing Committees Have an SSC Representative (#161)
jupyter/governance: standing_committees_and_working_groups.md

In addition to the software work on Jupyter that is coordinated through the [Software Steering Council](software_steering_council.md) (SSC), much of the project’s work expands beyond software. Examples include code of conduct incident response, diversity and inclusion, operations, legal, fundraising, events, community, and marketing. Standing Committees and Working Groups carry out this non-software related work of the project by delegation from the [Executive Council](executive_council).

> The primary difference between Standing Committees and Working Groups is that Standing Committees are intended to be permanent; they are only created and dissolved by a joint vote of the EC and SSC. In contrast, Working Groups can be created and dissolved by the EC acting alone.

Reviewer: Thanks, we keep finding outdated acronyms like this :-)

- Have charters that define their scope and purpose. Within those charters, they are free to make decisions autonomously.
- Carry out their functions in a manner that is as open and transparent as possible given the unique dimensions of their charter.
- Maintain a public GitHub repository with basic information (council members, charter, public meetings, SSC representative, etc.) for purposes of transparency and consistency.

> - Optionally, the EC may nominate certain Working Groups or Standing Committee councils to have a representative on the SSC. Once approved by the SSC to have a representative on the SSC, the Working Group or Standing Committee council will elect and maintain their representative to the SSC using the Decision-Making Guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A Standing Committee which is created by a joint vote of the EC and SSC will have a representative serving on the SSC. If approved by the EC and SSC that a Standing Committee should be formed, the Standing Committee will have a representative on the SSC. The Standing Committee will elect and maintain their representative to the SSC using the Decision-Making Guide.
- Optionally, the EC may nominate certain Working Groups to have a representative on the SSC.  If approved by the SSC to have that a Working Group should have a representative on the SSC, the Working Group will elect and maintain their representative to the SSC using the Decision-Making Guide.
```

- Standing Committees focus on areas critical to the governance of the project and thus are established and dissolved by joint decisions of the SSC and EB.
- Changes to the charters of Standing Committees are approved by joint decisions of the SSC and EB.

> - Optionally, the EB may nominate certain Standing Committees to have a representative on the SSC. Once approved by the SSC to have a representative on the SSC, Standing Committees elect and maintain their representative to the SSC using the Decision-Making Guide.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Optionally, the EB may nominate certain Standing Committees to have a representative on the SSC. Once approved by the SSC to have a representative on the SSC, Standing Committee Councils elect and maintain their representative to the SSC using the Decision-Making Guide.
```
